c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\SampleiOS.exe
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\SampleiOS.pdb
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Sample.dll
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Sample.pdb
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Sample.dll.mdb
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Default-568h@2x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Default-Portrait.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Default-Portrait@2x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Default.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Default@2x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-60@2x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-60@3x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-76.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-76@2x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-Small-40.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-Small-40@2x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-Small-40@3x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-Small.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-Small@2x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Icon-Small@3x.png
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Sample.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\SampleiOS.exe
c:\users\haithem\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sample\Sample\Sample.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\SampleiOS.pdb
